bpo-45854: winreg - implement RegGetValue (#29684)
python/cpython: Doc/library/winreg.rst

      isn't.

.. function:: GetValue(key, sub_key, value_name)

   Retrieves the type and data for a specified value name associated with
   an open registry key.

   *key* is an already open key, or one of the predefined
   :ref:`HKEY_* constants <hkey-constants>`.

   *sub_key* is a string that holds the name of the subkey with which the value is
   associated.  If this parameter is ``None`` or empty, the value will be read from *key*.

   *value_name* is a string indicating the value to query.

>    The result is a tuple of 2 items, the same as :meth:`QueryValueEx`

Reviewer: It should be noted that `GetValue()` automatically expands environment variables in `REG_EXPAND_SZ` strings and returns the type as `REG_SZ`. For example:
```python
>>> QueryValueEx(HKEY_CURRENT_USER, 'test')
('%SystemRoot%', 2)
>>> GetValue(HKEY_CURRENT_USER, '', 'test')
('C:\\Windows', 1)
```
This default behavior, which depends on the current user's environment, is potentially very wrong for `REG_EXPAND_SZ` values in a system key or for another user in `HKEY_USERS`.

If flags are supported, the above should be noted as the default behavior, which can be disabled with `RRF_NOEXPAND`. For example:

```python
>>> GetValue(HKEY_CURRENT_USER, '', 'test', RRF_RT_ANY | RRF_NOEXPAND)
('%SystemRoot%', 2)
```
Maybe for supporting flags if `!(flags & RRF_RT_ANY)`, it can simply use `flags | RRF_RT_ANY`. It's clear that the low word is reserved for data types. This way the caller just needs to pass a high word flag such as `RRF_NOEXPAND`, `RRF_SUBKEY_WOW6432KEY`, etc.

      isn't.

.. function:: GetValue(key, sub_key, value_name, flags=RRF_RT_ANY)

   Retrieves the type and data for a specified value name associated with
   an open registry key.

   *key* is an already open key, or one of the predefined
   :ref:`HKEY_* constants <hkey-constants>`.

   *sub_key* is a string that holds the name of the subkey with which the value is
   associated.  If this parameter is ``None`` or empty, the value will be read from *key*.

   *value_name* is a string indicating the value to query.

>    *flags* restrict the data type of value to be queried.
>    It can be one of the ``RRF_RT_*`` constants, optionally combined ``RRF_NOEXPAND``
>    or one of the ``RRF_SUBKEY_*`` with ``|``.
>    For more info, see :ref:`RRF_* constants <rrf-constants>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *flags* is an integer that restricts the allowed data type of the value
   to be queried. It must include the bitwise OR of one or more of the
   ``RRF_RT_*`` data types. It may also include ``RRF_NOEXPAND`` or one of
   the ``RRF_SUBKEY_*`` constants. The default is ``RRF_RT_ANY``. For more
   information, see :ref:`RRF_* constants <rrf-constants>`.
```

Author: done

   A null-terminated string.

.. _rrf-constants:

RRF_* Constants
++++++++++++++++

Used by :func:`GetValue`.

For more information, see `RegGetValueW function
<https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/win32/api/winreg/nf-winreg-reggetvaluew>`__.

.. versionadded:: 3.11

.. data:: RRF_RT_ANY

   No type restriction.

.. data:: RRF_RT_DWORD

   Restrict type to 32-bit RRF_RT_REG_BINARY | RRF_RT_REG_DWORD.

.. data:: RRF_RT_QWORD

   Restrict type to 64-bit RRF_RT_REG_BINARY | RRF_RT_REG_DWORD.

.. data:: RRF_RT_REG_BINARY

.. data:: RRF_RT_REG_DWORD

.. data:: RRF_RT_REG_EXPAND_SZ

.. data:: RRF_RT_REG_MULTI_SZ

.. data:: RRF_RT_REG_NONE

.. data:: RRF_RT_REG_QWORD

.. data:: RRF_RT_REG_SZ

.. data:: RRF_NOEXPAND

   Do not automatically expand environment strings if the value is of type REG_EXPAND_SZ.

.. data:: RRF_SUBKEY_WOW6464KEY

   You cannot specify RRF_SUBKEY_WOW6464KEY in combination with RRF_SUBKEY_WOW6432KEY.

>    Only takes effects starting from Windows 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Only effective starting with Windows 10.
```
